federalist 82
the judiciary continued
hamilton
to the people of the state of new york
the erection of a new government
whatever care or wisdom may distinguish
the work cannot fail to originate
questions of intricacy and nicety and
these may in a particular manner be
expected to flow from the establishment
of a constitution founded upon the total
or partial incorporation of a number of
distinct sovereignties it is time only
that can mature and perfect so compound
a system can liquidate the meaning of
all the parts and can adjust them to
each other in a harmonious and
consistent whole
such questions accordingly have arisen
upon the plan proposed by the convention
and particularly concerning the
judiciary department the principle of
these respect the situation of the state
courts in regard to those causes which
are to be submitted to federal
jurisdiction
is this to be exclusive or are these
courts to possess a concurrent
jurisdiction if the latter in what
relation will they stand to the national
tribunals these are inquiries which we
meet with in the mouths of men of sense
and which are certainly entitled to
attention the principles established in
a former paper number 31 teach us that
the states will retain all pre-existing
authorities which may not exclusively
delegate to the federal head and that
this exclusive delegation can only exist
in one of three cases where an exclusive
authority is in express terms granted to
the union or where a particular
authority is granted to the union and
the exercise of a like authority is
prohibited to the states or where an
authority is granted to the union with
which a similar authority in the states
would be utterly incompatible
though these principles may not apply
with the same force to the judiciary as
to the legislative power yet i am
inclined to think that they are in the
main just with respect to the former as
well as the latter and under this
impression i shall lay it down as a rule
that the state courts will retain the
jurisdiction they now have unless it
appears to be taken away in one of the
enumerated modes
the only thing in the proposed
constitution which wears the appearance
of confining the causes of federal
cognizance to the federal courts is
contained in this passage the judicial
power of the united states shall be
vested in one supreme court and in such
inferior courts as the congress shall
from time to time ordain and establish
this might either be construed to
signify that the supreme and subordinate
courts of the union should alone have
the power of deciding those causes to
which their authority is to extend or
simply to denote that the organs of the
national judiciary should be one supreme
court and as many subordinate courts as
congress should think proper to appoint
or in other words that the united states
should exercise the judicial power with
which they are to be invested through
one supreme tribunal and a certain
number of inferior ones to be instituted
by them the first excludes the last
admits the concurrent jurisdiction of
the state tribunals and as the first
would amount to an alienation of state
power by implication the last appears to
me the most natural and most defensible
construction
but this doctrine of concurrent
jurisdiction is only clearly applicable
to those descriptions of causes of which
the state courts have previous
cognizance it is not equally evident in
relation to causes which may grow out of
and be peculiar to the constitution to
be established
for not to allow the state courts a
right of jurisdiction in such cases can
hardly be considered as the abridgement
of a pre-existing authority i mean not
therefore to contend that the united
states in the course of legislation upon
the objects entrusted to their direction
may not commit the decision of causes
arising upon a particular regulation to
the federal courts solely if such a
measure should be deemed expedient but i
hold that the state courts will be
divested of no part of their primitive
jurisdiction further than may relate to
an appeal and i am even of opinion that
in every case in which they were not
expressly excluded by the future acts of
the national legislature they will of
course take cognizance of the causes to
which those acts may give birth this i
infer from the nature of judiciary power
and from the general genius of the
system the judiciary power of every
government looks beyond its own local or
municipal laws and in civil cases lays
hold of all subjects of litigation
between parties within its jurisdiction
though the causes of dispute are
relative to the laws of the most distant
part of the globe
those of japan not less than of new york
may furnish the objects of legal
discussion to our courts when in
addition to this we consider the state
governments and the national governments
as they truly are in the light of
kindred systems and as parts of one
whole the inference seems to be
conclusive that the state courts would
have a concurrent jurisdiction in all
cases arising under the laws of the
union where it was not expressly
prohibited
here another question occurs what
relation would subsist between the
national and state courts in these
instances of concurrent jurisdiction i
answer that an appeal would certainly
lie from the latter to the supreme court
of the united states the constitution in
direct terms gives an appellate
jurisdiction to the supreme court in all
the enumerated cases of federal
cognizance in which it is not to have an
original one without a single expression
to confine its operations to the
inferior federal courts the objects of
appeal not the tribunals from which it
is to be made are alone contemplated
from this circumstance and from the
reason of the thing it ought to be
construed to extend the state tribunals
either this must be the case or the
local courts must be excluded from a
concurrent jurisdiction in matters of
national concern else the judiciary
authority of the union may be eluded at
the pleasure of every plaintiff or
prosecutor
neither of these consequences ought
without evident necessity to be involved
the latter would be entirely
inadmissible as would defeat some of the
most important and avowed purposes of
the proposed government and would
essentially embarrass its measures nor
do i perceive any foundation for such a
supposition agreeably to the remark
already made the national and state
systems are to be regarded as one whole
the courts of the latter will of course
be natural auxiliaries to the execution
of the laws of the union and an appeal
from them will as naturally lie to that
tribunal which is destined to unite and
assimilate the principles of national
justice and the rules of national
decisions
the evident aim of the plan of the
convention is that all the causes of the
specified classes shall for weighty
public reasons receive their original or
final determination in the courts of the
union
to confine therefore the general
expressions giving appellate
jurisdiction to the supreme court to
appeals from the subordinate federal
courts instead of allowing their
extension to the state courts would be
to abridge the latitude of the terms in
subversion of the intent contrary to
every sound rule of interpretation
but could an appeal be made to lie from
the state courts to the subordinate
federal judicators this is another of
the questions which have been raised and
of greater difficulty than the former
the following considerations countenance
the affirmative the plan of the
convention in the first place authorizes
the national legislature to constitute
tribunals inferior to the supreme court
section 8 article first it declares in
the next that the judicial power of the
united states shall be vested in one
supreme court and in such inferior
courts as congress shall ordain and
establish and it then proceeds to
enumerate the cases to which this
judicial power shall extend
it afterwards divides the jurisdiction
of the supreme court into original and
appellate but gives no definition of
that of the subordinate courts the only
outlines described for them are that
they shall be inferior to the supreme
court and that they shall not exceed the
specified limits of the federal
judiciary whether their authority shall
be original or appellate or both is not
declared all this seems to be left to
the discretion of the legislature and
this being the case i perceive at
present no impediment to the
establishment of an appeal from the
state courts to the subordinate national
tribunals and many advantages attending
the power of doing it may be imagined it
would diminish the motives to the
multiplication of federal courts and
would admit of arrangements calculated
to contract the appellate jurisdiction
of the supreme court the state tribunals
may then be left with more entire charge
of federal causes and appeals in most
cases in which they may be deemed proper
instead of being carried to the supreme
court may be made to lie from the state
courts to the district courts of the
union
publius